 
Difference is used to find difference between  2 objects of same class. 


Usage
1. Paste this line in your Gemfile

             gem 'difference'

2. This will give your active record objects a method called 'differs_from'. This is how you use.
Eg. 
            Class Foo < ActiveRecord::Base
            end 

             a=Foo.find 1
              b=Foo.find 3 

            Now you can use, 
            a.differs_from b 

            will return a hash like    {:attr1=>[<value of attr1 in a>,<value of attr1 in b>], :attr2=>[<value of attr2 in a>,<value of attr2 in b>]}   if both values are different in a and b.
             
Options for differs_from:
1. ignore_attributes: this options helps to ignore attributes from the AR objects while comparison.
Eg:
a.differs_from b, :ignore_attributes=>['id', 'created_at']

2. only_attribues: this options helps to compare only the specified attributes.
a.differs_from b :only_attributes=> :name


TODO:
#specs


License
Copyright © 2012 Manish Puri
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


